#	Solution Manual For PRML


### Before the Maintext
Currently, I am searching for suitable Phd Program. My research interests include: (1) Maching Learning and statistic methods (e.g., MLE, MAP, EM, variational inference, sampling method, etc.), (2) Numerical Optimization theory (both convex and non-convex cases, e.g., GD, SGD, SAGA, SVRG, interior point method, etc.), (3) Signal processing, analog circuits optimization and (4) Bayesian Inference/Optimization/Network. 

If anyone has opening for Phd and fortunately you are interested in my research, please feel free to contact with me <zhengqigao@163.com> or <18212020014@fudan.edu.cn>, so that I may e-mail you my cv.

The updating of solution manual is now suspendend indefinitely. I have finished Chapter1-Chapter11, and all solutions have already been uploaded online. When I get back to update is still unkown, but I will finish it anyway. Maybe after I finish my Graduate program and become a Phd candidate. However, you can still e-mail me if you have any problem with respect to the book or the solutions and I am willing to help.


### Instruction
This is a Solution Manual for the famous book [Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning](http://users.isr.ist.utl.pt/~wurmd/Livros/school/Bishop%20-%20Pattern%20Recognition%20And%20Machine%20Learning%20-%20Springer%20%202006.pdf).

The Manual is written in LaTex, and I ommit other files generated by Tex, so that you can only view the [pdf file for solutions](https://github.com/GoldenCheese/PRML-learning/blob/master/Solution%20Manual%20For%20PRML.pdf). This is mainly because of my concern about infringement of PRML's copyright.
I will keep update the solutions as my learning process goes on.

There are some problems that I am not sure, which have been marked by "Waiting for update" in the solution manual. If you want to provide a solution for these unsolving problems, have any question, or come up with better ideas about any problem in the manual, please feel free to contact with me <zhengqigao@163.com> or <18212020014@fudan.edu.cn>

Because too many people have asked me for the whole solutions, I will now upload an updated version online. Moreover, I have emailed Mr. Bishop, and there was actually an official solution manual published by Springer. [You can find it here](https://www.springer.com/gb/book/9780387310732).

I want to address several issues here: (1) Currently I still do not get the permission of Mr. Bishop to upload this solution manual online. Therefore, maybe I will withdraw this solution maunal someday if it is illegal. (2) This solution manual is only meant to be used as personal study reference, **please donnot take it for other purposes, e.g., upload to other websites or publication**.

### Update List

**Sep 22,2018**

Hooray! Currently, I have finished all the solutions in Chapter 1-6 and already upload it online.

**Oct 23,2018**

Hooray! Currently, I have finished all the solutions before Chapter 7(included). However, the update process may be suspended lately because of the heavy workload of my lab projects.

**Nov 26,2018**

Hooray! Currently, I have (partly) finished chapter 8. Starting from section 8.4.4, I have found that many equations in the book are quite different from what I derive. Therefore, the corresponding exercises (8.19-8.29) are left behind. 

**Dec 24,2018**

Hooray! Currently, I have finished chapter 9. It is a good day today. Merry Christmas!

**Jan 31,2019**

Currently, I have finished all the problems before Problem 10.26. However, I may suspend updating the solution manual due to several personal reasons.

**Feb 19,2019**

I have got back to update the solution manual.

**Mar 5,2019**

Hooray! Currently, I have finished chapter 10 and already upload it online.

**Apr 1,2019**

Hooray! Currently, I have finished chapter 11 and already upload it online. Happy Fool's Day!

**Apr 10,2019**

The updating is suspended indefinitely, but I will get back to it someday in the future.

### Acknowledgments

1. Special thanks to [Dr.Spyridon Chavlis, from IMBB, FORTH](http://www.dendrites.gr) (E-mail: chavlis.spiros@gmail.com). He provides an analytical soultion on Prob 1.34, i.e., back substituting *p*(**x**) into the constraints to prove that it is a Gaussain. 